Docs: related block; new demos; minor fixes and expansions (#8250)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: packages/ckeditor5-basic-styles/docs/features/basic-styles.md

{@snippet features/build-basic-styles-source}

> The {@link api/basic-styles basic styles} allows you to start editing right away with all the most used formatting styles inevitable for content creation. This package provides essential text formatting features such as bold, italic, underline, strikethrough, subscript, superscript, and code. Coupled with more [formatting features](#related-features), these serve as a base for any WYSIWYG editor tool set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {@link api/basic-styles basic styles} feature allows you to apply all the most frequently used formatting styles indispensable for content creation. This package provides essential text formatting features such as bold, italic, underline, strikethrough, subscript, superscript, and code. Coupled with more [formatting features](#related-features), these serve as a base for any WYSIWYG editor toolset.
```

{@snippet features/basic-styles}

## Related features

Check out also these CKEditor 5 features to gain better control over your content style and format:
* {@link features/font Font styles} &ndash; Easily and efficiently control the font {@link features/font#configuring-the-font-family-feature family}, {@link features/font#configuring-the-font-size-feature size}, {@link features/font#configuring-the-font-color-and-font-background-color-features text or background color}.
* {@link features/text-alignment Text alignment} &ndash; Because it does matter whether the content is left, right, centered or justified.

> * {@link features/code-blocks Code block feature}  &ndash; Allows for insertion of various code listings, expanding the 'code' style greatly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {@link features/code-blocks Code block feature}  &ndash; Allows for insertion of longer, multiline code listings, expanding the inline code style greatly.
```

* {@link features/remove-format Remove format} &ndash; Easily clean basic text formatting.

> And be sure to get familiar with these, too:

Reviewer: I think we could get rid of the second section here and just move "highlight" to the section above. In this way you could have just the "styling/formatting" features here - it's hard to say how document title is related to basic styles at all...

{@img assets/img/typing-after-code.gif 770 The animation showing typing after the code element in CKEditor 5 rich text editor.}

> ## Installations

Reviewer: Why? Sounds strange.
